# Key files:
Scraping_Torah.pynb
NLP.ipynb
visualization.py

These files are intended to be run in order.

# Scraping_Torah.ipynb
When this notebook is run, it retrieves verses from the Jewish Virtual Library, and packages them into Torah_Verses, Torah_Chapters, and Chapter_Indices. Additionally, it generates a labeling scheme based on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Composition_of_the_Torah, which is stored in Verse_Labels.csv.

# NLP.ipynb
When this notebook is run, it uses Torah_Verses.csv and Verse_Labels.csv to produce a trained vectorizer, topic modeler, and classification algorithm, which are stored in model.p.

# visualization.py
When this is run using 

```streamlit run visualization.py```

it runs a streamlit application that allows users to enter verses and determine what 

# Related Files:
Torah_Chapters.csv:
Contains all Torah verses, grouped by chapter.
Generated by Scraping_Torah.ipynb

Chapter_Indices.csv: 
For each chapter, labels it with its chapter number and the book it is from. Intended for visualization purposes.
Generated by Scraping_Torah.ipynb

Torah_Verses.csv: 
Contains all Torah verses, as individual rows. 
Generated by Scraping_Torah.ipynb

Verse_Labels.csv: 
Simple array, containing either a 'p', 'y', or 'y', corresponding to the source for the appropriate verse.
Generated by Scraping_Torah.ipynb

model.p:
A pickled tuple containing a vectorizer, topic modeler, and classification algorithm. All have been trained appropriately on the torah verses.
Generated by NLP.ipynb. 